1326113314
Ability	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/models/ability.rb	class Ability
Application	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreatePages	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111221105924_create_pages.rb	class CreatePages 
CreateRoles	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111222103553_create_roles.rb	class CreateRoles 
CreateUsersRolesTable	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111222104050_create_users_roles_table.rb	class CreateUsersRolesTable 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111221123708_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
Genesis	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/config/application.rb	module Genesis
Page	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/models/page.rb	class Page 
PageTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/unit/page_test.rb	class PageTest 
PagesController	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesControllerTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/functional/pages_controller_test.rb	class PagesControllerTest 
PagesHelper	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
PagesHelperTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/unit/helpers/pages_helper_test.rb	class PagesHelperTest 
Role	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/models/role.rb	class Role 
RoleTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/unit/role_test.rb	class RoleTest 
RolesController	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/roles_controller.rb	class RolesController 
RolesControllerTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/functional/roles_controller_test.rb	class RolesControllerTest 
RolesHelper	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/helpers/roles_helper.rb	module RolesHelper
RolesHelperTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/unit/helpers/roles_helper_test.rb	class RolesHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
WelcomeController	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	class WelcomeController 
WelcomeControllerTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/functional/welcome_controller_test.rb	class WelcomeControllerTest 
WelcomeHelper	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/helpers/welcome_helper.rb	module WelcomeHelper
WelcomeHelperTest	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/unit/helpers/welcome_helper_test.rb	class WelcomeHelperTest 
change	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111221105924_create_pages.rb	  def change
change	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111221123708_devise_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111222103553_create_roles.rb	  def change
create	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/roles_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/roles_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111221105924_create_pages.rb	  def down
down	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111221123708_devise_create_users.rb	  def down
down	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111222103553_create_roles.rb	  def down
down	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111222104050_create_users_roles_table.rb	  def down
edit	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/roles_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/roles_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	  def index
initialize	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/models/ability.rb	  def initialize(user)
new	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/roles_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
render_title	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def render_title
role?	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/models/user.rb	  def role?(role)
show	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/roles_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/db/migrate/20111222104050_create_users_roles_table.rb	  def up
update	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/roles_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
user_has_role?	/home/raul/miscosas/github/Genesis/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def user_has_role?(role)
